Oh boy.
We have an extra exciting section for you.
This is a section that I absolutely love.
I got into programming because of web development and in this section we're going to explore how we
can use python in web development and actually the way we use python in web development.
We'll also work with mobile development.
And this is a really exciting field because well as you're aware there's lots of Web applications there's
lots of mobile applications and using Python.
We can actually help build these applications in this section.
I'm going to give you a general overview of web development what that involves how Web sites actually
work how browsers work.
We're also going to use Python to build our own server our own portfolio web page where people can view
our portfolios and actually submit maybe a request to work with you or send you a message and actually
store it in places like a database.
So by the end of this section you're going to have your own portfolio Web site that is live and in production.
It's gonna be a very very fun one but in order for us to learn how we can use python we need to first
understand how the web works.
So in the next video let's learn how the web works.
I'll see in that one.
Bye bye.